Added devdocs maintainer guidelines (#4535)
magento/devdocs: .github/MAINTAINER_GUIDELINES.md

- If a maintainer creates a pull request, it should be reviewed by another maintainer or DevDocs staff member

## Labels

Labels are important because they help us identify pull requests and ensure that contributors receive points and recognition. See [devdocs awards and points](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#devdocs-awards-and-points).

Here is a brief summary of the most important labels:

- `New Topic`: Entirely new documents
- `Major Update`: Significant new info: new section in existing topic, etc.
- `Technical`: Changes to technical content/code/processes/naming conventions (any change to technical content)
- `Editorial`: Typos, grammatical inconsistencies, or minor rewrites
- `small changes`: See [Small changes workflow](#small-changes-workflow)

We also use version labels when appropriate.

As a maintainer, we expect you to add or remove labels when appropriate.

See https://github.com/magento/devdocs/labels for all labels and their descriptions.

## Testing

Currently, we only test internal links. In the future, we plan to expand tests to include markdown linting and spell checking.

> We use Jenkins to build, test, and deploy the devdocs site. Unfortunately, our Jenkins host is behind the corporate firewall (per Adobe security policy) and is not accessible to non-employees.

Reviewer: Since there is no access to our CI/CD environment, I think there is no need to provide any information about it.
I suggest to change it to something like "We use private CI/CD stack and do not provide access to it."

Every pull request to the `master` branch must pass tests before it can be merged. When a pull request is ready for tests, a member of the [`devdocs-admins`](https://github.com/orgs/magento/teams/devdocs-admins) team must add the test trigger phrase to the pull request as a comment. The trigger phrase is "_running tests_". By approving a pull request, you are signalling an admin that the pull request is ready for tests.

## Projects

We use several projects to help organize issues and pull requests. You can add existing issues and pull requests to these projects as you see fit.

https://github.com/magento/devdocs/projects

## Style

> 

Reviewer: I suggest to changing this to something like:

_Prefer Markdown over HTML._
_You can use [kramdown syntax](https://kramdown.gettalong.org/syntax.html) for more markup features and [Liquid](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/liquid/) for in-topic scripting._

_This list will grow over time and can relocate to [wiki](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/wiki) one day._

We plan to explain style in depth in the repository wiki soon, but for now, use the following guidance on markdown syntax:

- Pull requests should contain simple, clean markdown syntax and not HTML (in most cases)
- We use non-standard syntax in some places for templating (liquid) and accessing Jekyll variables
- We sometimes use HTML for _complex_ tables, but we prefer markdown formatting in most cases

> ## Small changes workflow

Reviewer: The _Small changes_ is the largest section in this document.
I think maintainers don't need all the CI/CD details. We can just say that instead of processing 10 tiny PRs on our CI/CD (that takes quite a bit of time), we are processing only one PR that contains all those small changes. This releases for us more time to process larger pull requests.

Author: I'll simplify it.

Whenever we merge a pull request, we must first run tests on the branch. Our build and test pipeline:

> - Merges the pull reB

Reviewer: unfinished phrase

- Builds the devdocs site

> - Checks all internal links to ensure none are broken

Reviewer: not all, we still ignore some paths

The `small_changes` branch is for small text changes, including:

- Typos
- Formatting
- Minor text additions or deletions

Basically, small changes are "safe" at a glance; they will not fail tests.

It is not for:

- Substantial new content
- Changes to tables
- New files or moved files

Periodically, we will create a pull request from `small_changes` to `master` and then run tests on that pull request to save time.

For example:

- **Old method**—15 individual pull requests to `master` x 30 minutes per pull request = 7.5 hrs of testing time
- **Small Changes method**—1 `small_changes` pull request (containing 15 individual pull requests) to `master` x 30 minutes = 30 minutes of testing time

This means:

- Pull requests will show as merged, but will not be live on the devdocs site until the `small_changes` pull request is merged to `master`.
- The point system remains the same. Credit is awarded when a pull request is merged, regardless of where it was merged.

### Process

1. Review the pull request and either approve it or request changes.
1. Apply the `Small changes` label if the following labels should also be applied:

   - `Editorial`
   - `Technical`

> 1. Apply the `Editorial` or `Technical` label so the contributor will receive points.

Reviewer: looks like a duplication of the previous item

> 1. That's it! A devdocs-admin will run tests and merge the it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. That's it! A devdocs-admin will test and merge it.
```

Reviewer: Or, "Testing and merging are on us."

# DevDocs maintainer guidelines

> In general, the same [guidelines](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/maintainers.html) for [`magento/magento2`](https://github.com/magento/magento2) maintainers apply to devdocs maintainers. However, there are some additional guidelines specific to devdocs that will help you as a maintainer.

Reviewer 2: Did we want to cap DevDocs throughout?

Author: Yeah, good call. That's what we did in the contributor guide, so we should keep it consistent.

- `small changes`: See [Small changes workflow](#small-changes-workflow)

We also use version labels when appropriate.

As a maintainer, we expect you to add or remove labels when appropriate.

See https://github.com/magento/devdocs/labels for all labels and their descriptions.

## Testing

Currently, we only test internal links. In the future, we plan to expand tests to include external links, markdown linting, and spell checking.

We use private CI/CD stack and do not provide access to it.

Every pull request to the `master` branch must pass tests before it can be merged. When a pull request is ready for tests, a member of the [`devdocs-admins`](https://github.com/orgs/magento/teams/devdocs-admins) team must add the test trigger phrase to the pull request as a comment. The trigger phrase is "_running tests_". By approving a pull request, you are signalling an admin that the pull request is ready for tests.

## Projects

We use several projects to help organize issues and pull requests. You can add existing issues and pull requests to these projects as you see fit.

https://github.com/magento/devdocs/projects

## Style

> We prefer Markdown over HTML (in most cases). You can use [kramdown](https://kramdown.gettalong.org/syntax.html) syntax for more markup features and [Liquid](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/liquid/) for in-topic scripting.

Reviewer 2: Did we want to add a tidbit on the basic template for potential examples? 

```For examples, see the [Basic template](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/templates/basic_template.html).```

Author: I prefer to keep that info in the contribution guide.
